Question 1: What is your understanding of blockchain?
Answer: Blockchain is the mix technology includes distributer database and cryptography where infoermation is verifiable,unchangable,tamper-proof,immutable.
Blockchain is a system of recording information in a way that makes it difficult or impossible to change, hack, or cheat the system.Each block in the chain contains 
a number of transactions, and every time a new transaction occurs on the blockchain, a record of that transaction is added to every participant’s ledger. 
The decentralised database managed by multiple participants.

Question 2: What is the core problem blockchain trying to solve?
Answer:  Blockchain addresses the problem of data security and trust by making the ledger public.blockchain has to also protect itself from willful fraud and theft.
It also addresses problem of data loss due to hardware or connectivity issues.

Question 3: What are the few features which blockchain will give u?
Answer:  1.It has a public distributed ledger, which works using a hashing encryption.
2. Every block has a hash value, which is the digital signature of the block.
3. All the transactions are approved and verified.

Question 4:  what all things does a block contain?
Answer:  Transaction data is permanently recorded in files called blocks.Block contain block number,transaction record,previous block key and mining key.
Blocks are organized into a linear sequence. New transactions are processed by miners into new blocks which are added to the end of the chain.each block contains 
a reference to the prior block, the collection of all blocks in existence can be said to form a chain. 

Question 5:  How is the verifiability of blockchain is been attained? 
Answer:  If we download file from chrome and stored on local computer.then we create a digital signature as a fingerprint and add the previous fingerprint or 
key into it or assume this is final key.and if someone reports different key then we will ask them to replace data.In the context of a blockchain, 
zk-SNARKs allow users to maintain private transactions, while still validating the transactions according to the network’s consensus algorithm.
 Once implemented, organizations will be able to transact on the same network as their competitors in complete privacy 